to the new YouTube channel seeker
Channel
also this is a YouTube first if you can
see this when I'm wearing already
wearing the 3x to review original box
that the 325 laps usually come in and it
also lets get right into it let's just
get right into it
these are just not absolutely nuts right
now because they're not gonna last very
little bit a little bit of that elephant
print all three are also
polishing during some woman boss in the
back little breathable holes even the
stitching is 3 mm on the laces as well
in box Jordan logo on the tongue all
white leather inside with embossed logo
on in the inside authentication tearing
inside obviously don't think bays and
aspects of these anyways but just be
careful just you see that explains
everything that's inside it gives you a
little explanation I'm not gonna read it
but you can pause the video and read it
yourself
comes in this cool mini package how's
the move on the back
that's the Jumpman logo I'm here with
Santana lab kind of design you can also
pause the video and check it out read it
for yourself I'm sure you can look it up
on Google whatever and we'll do the on
feet worthy they're very very
comfortably
sorry
again
get the pant leg go
we also got an hour Nets review coming
up they also came up this weekend
these are actually extremely hot I would
say they're probably harder than three
honestly if you don't know already the
Bruce Lee's Kobe Bryant Bruce Smith
we'll get more into the details
afterwards there's a quick preview for
the next review